and welcome back this is the paracord
Weaver and today we're going to talk
about pet accessories and specifically
we're going to talk about our leash a
splitter or coupler that we're going to
begin to offer and our Etsy store and
this came about because of the number of
requests that I've had through this item
I've kind of been putting it off and
finally I had somebody contact me and
they said that they were looking all
over the internet they've seen nylon
ones they seen other paracord ones but
nothing that really fit what they were
looking for so they asked me if I would
come up with one this is what I came up
with they liked it so this is one of the
styles that we're going to offer we're
gonna offer this in the trilobite or the
ladder rack we've like this and there's
no visible singe marks anywhere on this
everything is under woven so that it's
all those are hidden we're also going to
offer this in a cobra or Salomon bar a
lot of people like that weave so we're
gonna go ahead and offer that if you
want another we've just let me know I
can put it together with most any weight
that that you like it's also going to
come in three links the 12 inch like
this one an 18 inch and a 24 inch and
now it gives a lot of flexibility for
dog sizes and for a number of dogs that
you want to walk you can daisy chain
these together
and you can just walk sweetie talks as
you you think you can handle there also
we're gonna be offering this in a single
just a coupler just like this just one
piece as opposed to what I would
consider a splitter where you have to
but the coupler will just be one so that
you can add that to your existing system
and add another dog or add a link to
your existing leash that you have that
gives you some flexibility so again you
can get all of these in matching leashes
collars and now the splitter or coupler
and now you have a complete set so
that's the paracord Weaver we hope you
enjoyed it and we'll see you next time